# Agenda
1. New information regarding Sonya
2. Cassie
 - Demo
3. Ryan
 - Analysis of TU Delft project emphasizing how our effort is different
 - Bioelectronics design process
 - Cloning update
4. Aaron
 - MTA update

# Notes from Cassie's time
- It would be interesting to create a tool that generates the netlist, which serves as the input to Fluigi
- **Action Item** Seriously vet Fluigi within the group looking for limitations 
 - These limitations should fall within the following categories:
   1. Limitations you plan on fixing
   2. Limitations that are outside the scope of the project
- **Action Item** Work out bends in auto-routed channels
- **Action Item** Don't hardcode design rules
 - Import something like an .rc file instead
- The next demo should have two things:
 1. Show you can make your hand-drawn design (Voigt NOR experiment) through Fluigi
 2. Take requests from the audience (2 per person)
   - Each request should take the form of a proposed tweak in the netlist
   - You should be able to change the netlist and show the corresponding changes in the output file

# Notes from Ryan's time
- **Action Item** Demo next meeting of a "biology ready" device
 - Device should provide networked communication between two mechanisms for biological input (pH) and output (LED)

# Notes from Aaron's time
- **Action Item** Keep the MTA process moving forward
