
Overall Goal: Increase performance as defined by a ratio of blood focusing to electrical energy

Two approaches:
  1. Engineering: Taguchi
  2. Science: Predictive Model Validation

# Short-term milestones (6-weeks):
  1. Deliver a robust experimental design
  2. Run the same model validation experiment using a chip that I fabricated with the previously utilized dimensions

### Short-term milestone details:
1. Complete Experimental Design - Goal is to determine most robust design using a parametric study that requires the least amount of individual experiments
  - Taguchi Design of Experiments (DoE) technique
    - Reduces number of experiments vs One Factor at a Time (OFAT) by using orthogonal arrays of control parameter variations.
      - Example: 4 factors executed at 3 levels per factor will require only 9 experiments instead of 3^4=81
    - Data collected from experiments is entered into the mathematical formalism of statistical experimental design and a S/N ratio is produced for each factor, ultimately resulting in the best combination of controllable factors.
    - Weaknesses:
      1. Goal is NOT to characterize the system, rather the goal is to achieve robust function (1269...). This is an engineering practice, rather than a scientific practice in that it emphasizes performance over explanatory power.
      2. A critical assumption in the construction of the orthogonal arrays is that factors do not interact.
  - Deliverables:
    1. Design of experiments
      - Specify factors (chip geometries) and levels (quantify number and incremental value of variations per factor)
    2. Data-backed estimate on time/resources necessary to complete DoE
      - This will involve performing at least one complete design-fabrication-assemble-run-measure cycle and measuring the time to completion. Extrapolate this value by the number of experiments required as determined by the orthogonal array.
2. Characterize fabrication technology - Precision in fabrication is more important than accuracy for performing a Taguchi DoE, but for model validation accuracy is important, assuming a high cost to run the model for different parameters.
  - Deliverable (either one of the following):
    - One model validation experiment using a chip with measured dimensions, the measurements of which are fed into the model (accuracy is a problem)
    - One model validation using standard dimensions with validated chip

#Long Term Goals (6 months):
  1. Engineering (performance-based) approach: Discover parameters that most affect SN ratio, as defined by the Taguchi Method. Experimentally verify best predicted combination.
  2. Scientific (explanatory) approach: Validate model by confirming experimental conditions with best predicted performance.
  3. Compare results between approaches
