papers/index.md, before:

- [pH-based biosensor for detection of arsenic in drinking water](/papers/pH_based_biosensor_arsenic_drinkingwater.pdf)

- [Development of a novel biosensor for the detection of arsenic in drinking water](/papers/Edinburgh_Development_arsenic_drinking_water.pdf)
	- World Health Organization recommended limit is 10 ppb or [10 $\mu$g/litre](http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs372/en/)
	- Sensor can detect 5 ppb
	- pH range from 4.5 to 7.5


- [Optimization of pH sensing using silicon nanowire field effect transistors with HfO2 as the sensing surface](/papers/NanowireFET_Nanotechnology.pdf)

- [Realizing the potential of synthetic biology](/papers/nrm3767.pdf)

- [Engineering E Coli to see light](/papers/Engineering_EColi_tosee_light.pdf)

- [Spatiotemporal control of cell signalling using a light-switchable protein interaction](/papers/Spatiotemporal.pdf)

- [A Synthetic Genetic Edge Detection Program](/papers/Synthetic_edge_Detection.pdf)

- [Combining microfluidics and synthetic biology](/papers/Microfluidics_and_SynBio.pdf)

- [Sensors for Micro Bio Robots via Synthetic Biology](/papers/uBioRobots.pdf)

Commit message:

added ph response curves to papers page

papers/index.md, after:

- [pH-based biosensor for detection of arsenic in drinking water](/papers/pH_based_biosensor_arsenic_drinkingwater.pdf)

![pH Response](pHResponse_pH6to8.png)

- [Development of a novel biosensor for the detection of arsenic in drinking water](/papers/Edinburgh_Development_arsenic_drinking_water.pdf)
	- World Health Organization recommended limit is 10 ppb or [10 $\mu$g/litre](http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs372/en/)
	- Sensor can detect 5 ppb, albeit with a caveat
		- You must wait 500 minutes before the Output Dynamic Range between 0ppb and 5ppb goes above .1pH
 	- pH vs Time:

![pH Response](pHresponse.png)


- [Optimization of pH sensing using silicon nanowire field effect transistors with HfO2 as the sensing surface](/papers/NanowireFET_Nanotechnology.pdf)

![IV Curve](IV.png)

- [Realizing the potential of synthetic biology](/papers/nrm3767.pdf)

- [Engineering E Coli to see light](/papers/Engineering_EColi_tosee_light.pdf)

- [Spatiotemporal control of cell signalling using a light-switchable protein interaction](/papers/Spatiotemporal.pdf)

- [A Synthetic Genetic Edge Detection Program](/papers/Synthetic_edge_Detection.pdf)

- [Combining microfluidics and synthetic biology](/papers/Microfluidics_and_SynBio.pdf)

- [Sensors for Micro Bio Robots via Synthetic Biology](/papers/uBioRobots.pdf)
